[Music]
serious Thousand apologies hater when
people are tardy it's good to meet you
boys
thanks for coming out
you didn't masturbate before you got
here did you what told you I don't work
with anybody who's carrying a loaded
weapon the small talk
let's buy some guns there you're on a
different level now a guy who represents
this merchandise and lawns bigger than
your whole country Justine high
school just as Ava well you've put on a
bit of weight check out the match that's
not what he ordered
really you ordered m16s different weapon
I'm not running a pizza delivery
service keep your together do you
want the weapons or you don't want the
weapons and I'm sure that you boys would
like to leave Italy
goes for the case with your bid and I'll
finish the picture I'm sorry sir
[Applause]
[Music]
- cheaters bring a sniper so that's what
a brain looks like hey party
Marty come on man
[Music]
I like it cardboard armor protection
from it fiction tell me who hired you
right now
you've got two choices when you distract
him and I leave we can't all be nice
girl
the